No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
Wait.
No, no, no, no.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, y'all.
We are live on this beautiful
Monday morning, actually.
God bless everyone in the name of Yeshua
Jesus [music] the Messiah. I pray you
are blessed.
I pray you are all on your treadmills,
with your weighted vests,
with your You Bit hats, and your You Bit
bandannas. I mean, look at this.
Look at this crazy thing.
I hope you guys all got your You Bit
merch. All right.
What else do you have from You Bit?
I hope you had your You Bit water
bottles, guys.
You know, people say, "Jason,
why do you shill Ubit so much? It's cuz
they send me
this pure gold water [music] bottle.
It's pure gold, solid gold, all right,
25 karat
plated gold water bottle.
And they sent me a hat, all right?
Trying to keep up with Blofin who sent
me the 20 24 karat golden chain.
Now, [music]
big shout to everybody in the chat as
Bitcoin is getting a a nice bounce here
from our key zone. All right, I got to
give a major shout to Crypto Crank in
the house.
What is going on, Crypto Crank?
God bless you, bro.
God bless everybody in the chat.
We are in a half million dollar long
trade right now. We're up about 18K.
Let's see what's going to happen.
Oh, man. Oh, man.
Wowzers, McBowser. Would you look at the
pump?
Would you look at the pump?
Would you look at the pump? Oh, man.
Oh, man. [music] Would you look at the
pump? I said, "Oh, baby, would you look
at the pump?"
Oh, man. Would you [music] look at the
pump? The blue candle's turned orange
just like Donald Trump.
Hey, yo, got to give a big shout.
>> [music]
>> My beat went away. I guess it's a sign
that we're going to dump. Big shout out
to Mike.
He says, "Crank the scalping king."
Shout out to Zach618.
Shout out to Chosen with Grace who says,
"Shalom Shalo
Shalom hodlers." Which Shalom hodlers.
Wearing a jacket in the summer.
What brand of weighted vest do I use?
This is currently
Burk.
Not my favorite, honestly, but it is
what it is, guys.
It is what it is. Big shout out to
Spartan Trading.
Shout out to Big Huggies. He says it
feels trappy.
Not much movement on volume to support
the price action.
Well, it is a holiday. It's a three-day
holiday here. Shout out to CBK Wahoo,
looking like an ice agent.
Shout out to
Crypto Coons in the house holding it
down with the wrench. God bless you, my
bro. God bless you. God bless you.
Shout out to Peter Handley. Shout out to
Ham. He says, "My limit order at
79.8-ish."
We'll take We're going to We're going to
be breaking down the charts today, guys.
All right.
>> [music]
>> We are going to be breaking down the
charts today. Shout out to Mar Nude
Ravi. He says, "Hey, man. Hey, man."
Right to you Right back at you, bro.
Shout out to Tone C3X.
Shout out to Zack 618.
Um
Yeah, we got a hoodie in the summer,
guys. It's It's not so It's not so hot
out right now.
It's not so hot out right now. All
right. It's a little bit cold. You know,
this weather is crazy. They're trying to
block out the sun.
Right? They're trying to turn the summer
into the winter.
You know what I'm saying? Big shout out
to Chris Swimmer.
Shout out to Diggy Gaming Pro. Where am
I going to look for shorts? We'll talk
about it. All right.
We will talk about it. So,
just as an update on my own personal
trades,
I have taken the
uh the the the swing trade that I was in
I was trying to get $100,000.
Ended up closing it out for $59,169
and 20 cents.
Other than that,
pretty much
you know, these are the other trades
I've taken.
Chopping around, pretty much break even
since
uh the beginning of April.
And then obviously I have this massive
swing trade. I'm hoping that this is
another swing trade as well. We will
wait and see.
And then let's see here.
Also, we have got
the short trade still open. Now, keep in
mind, guys, these are trades that in the
Casper Crew, right? [music]
I'm letting my community know about the
long trade, right? I'm letting my
community know I'm going to keep adding
as long as we're not losing $74,000.
We gave the long set up in advance on
May 20th.
And the short trades, guys, since the
10th of May, we have been shorting
Bitcoin and I'm currently still in a
short here up 15k.
Now, you can see my entry here is around
78-ish.
All right?
So, we've locked in a nice 13k
on the trade here, all right?
And, you know, these are
the trades we've been taking in the
Casper Crew. In the moment as I'm
walking through the community, the
trades I'm currently taking. All right,
locked in a nice 13k win, a nice 12k
win. We had some big wins.
Another 18k win.
Right here, let's see what else we had.
We had some big ones.
We had some big ones. A $63,000
win right here.
Uh
Let's see, this is going all the way
back to April
13th.
We had some other massive wins here as
well. Another $12,000 win, a $7,000 win.
Small chop chop, $20,000 win here.
This is going back to March.
All right, so basically
the last month and a half here
we've been We've been making the
juiciest gains.
All right? And now this potentially,
this this short trade potentially,
depending on what happens here, could
take us much down lower. Now, here's the
thing.
As you can see from the chart, I mean,
we are at a very key make it or break it
level here.
We have some good things and some bad
things. All right, we're going to talk
about it. Now, make sure to take a big
sip
of your
Zevia
caffeine-free
cola.
All right? Now, I shouldn't be drinking
this crap.
All right? This crap is bad for you.
Mhm.
But, look.
It's a holiday.
It was Pentecost
the past few days. Today's uh uh also a
holiday. And so, sometimes I have to
crack open a cold one.
All right? In celebration. All right? I
don't recommend drinking this crap.
>> [music]
>> But, it does taste good.
Mhm.
It does taste good.
Am I still in short position?
Hussein Aini is yelling at me.
Yes, I am still in short position. I
just sold. Okay.
Shout out to Dave Digital in the house.
All right. So, let let's let's pop into
the Let's start in the weekly time
frame.
All right? Now, you can see here
this this is a very key moment for
Bitcoin.
Because not only are we breaking out and
back testing with I have to say a very
nice wick.
With a nice deep wick
below value area high with a candle
close above.
I mean, look at the Saturday candle.
The deep wick
and the close above value area high.
This is This is nice.
If this had not happened on a Saturday
now, I would have been like I would say
you know, the the bottom is for sure in.
Hang on. Let me Let me make it so you
guys can see the dang prices on here.
All right?
There we go.
If If this had not happened on a
Saturday, I would say this looks
beautiful because we took the liquidity
that we had down here, right?
We took the liquidity we had here at
74.8.
Just like we were looking for. Right?
We're looking to take the liquidity at
74.8.
Dip below and get a bounce. It's exactly
what we done did.
And we closed the Saturday candle above
the value high showing that the market
wants to trade Bitcoin at higher prices.
This green zone is a big back test.
We had our daily order block from the
2nd of February. We had our resistance
on the 17th of March. We had
consolidation right here, April 15th all
the way to the beginning of May.
Right?
Now we're getting a back test in a big
bounce. Now the weekly, all right?
We have just had a money flow cross.
Historically speaking, this means
that the the low is in. Now I don't like
that.
You know, when I say the low for Bitcoin
is in, I want to slap myself in the face
and say, "Jason, what an idiot." This
doesn't look like a nice low.
All right? But here's the thing, if this
does confirm a top, a red dot, that
always means sideways and down for the
next few weeks.
And we could see we maybe are going to
maybe we were looking like we want to
confirm a red dot, but now we're not.
Right? We don't know what the weekly is.
All right? We don't know what the weekly
is. Just like back when I was in
college, people didn't know what I was.
Was I a man? Was I a woman? They would
follow me around in Walmart to see what
bathroom I went into.
Right? Now of course,
that was back a long time ago when I was
I had just graduated with my degree in
trans non-carbon binary emission gender
intersectionality Pakistani communism
didn't work right in the '80s, but it
will today studies.
And so, you know, it was a different
time, but you could see here
the weekly is kind of in the same boat.
We're going to have to follow it around
in Walmart to see what bathroom it's
going to go in. And if we see it go into
the men's bathroom,
we're going to stand at the urinal next
door and kind of peek over to see like
do they have biological hardware or do
they have something else? Maybe a funnel
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, yeah, I mean I don't know.
And so,
very strange. But when we go down to the
daily, this is where things start to get
juicy as all get out.
Why?
Well, because here's the thing.
As the price
>> [music]
>> is making a higher low at key support,
mind you,
the oscillator is making a lower low.
All right, this is known as a hidden
bullish divergence,
a continuation pattern,
okay?
And this daily green dot honestly does
have the power
to take us all the way back up to here.
All the way back up to here.
It really does.
>> [music]
>> It really does, okay?
Is that going to happen? I don't know.
Let's go to our 4-hour.
On the 4-hour time frame,
ooh, man, I just burped and those
that soda that soda burp tickled my
nose, guys.
Man, I just got a flashback to being a
fat obese
little kid playing Super Mario Brothers
with my friend Brian Furcowitz in his
grandfather's basement, all right?
Brian's grandpa,
he had a fridge stocked full of of
Pepsi.
As a fat little pre-diabetic kid,
I used to go over to Brian's house just
so I could drink his grandfather's
Pepsi. I'd like four, five, six of those
things.
My goodness.
Now,
you can see here
the 4-hour, sadly,
it doesn't have any bullish divergences
at this low. In fact, the money flow's
getting lower.
Ah.
It It really doesn't look the best,
guys.
The The only hope right now for the
bullishness of this is the hidden
bullish divergence on the daily and the
fact that the 4-hour had a nice
divergence down here.
Right, we can't ignore the fact that
this over here had a really nice
divergence.
And so, if this is a bottom,
right?
Ah.
Then technically this could be a
continuation trigger wave, all right?
But either way, it's looking very
ambiguous. So, here's what really needs
to happen now.
If we want to see more upside, then
we need that the following to happen.
The resistance for Bitcoin right now is
going to be here. All right, we have a
support resistance flip going back to
like 786.
This is going to be a very key zone for
multiple reasons.
All right, reason number one, it's just
a clear support resistance flip. Reason
number two, it's the anchored VWAP, the
volume weighted average price of the
entire move down is right here, okay?
Reason number three, if we reclaim this,
we are changing market structure, right?
[music] High, low, lower high, lower
low, lower high, lower low, lower high,
lower low.
If we start to make higher highs here,
that is a change of market structure. In
addition to that,
we could very well be forming a
introverted [music]
head and shoulders. Shoulder,
head,
shoulder. All right, maybe this is our
shoulder.
Maybe we come up a little bit more.
Let me do something like this, right?
Maybe then we make our shoulder, right?
We It's yet to be seen. But, we have a
very introverted head and shoulder, an
introvert.
You know, that guy in high school,
neck bearded guy, low self-esteem,
couldn't make eye contact with girls,
and every day, instead of eating lunch
in the cafeteria,
you had to go into the bathroom stall
and eat lunch in the toilet all by
yourself cuz you had no friends, and you
were just wallowing in your self-pity,
and
people didn't know your name. They
didn't care to know your name, but they
called you shoes
cuz all they knew about you was the
shoes that they saw under the bathroom
stall every single day during lunch.
And they tortured you, "Shoes, what are
you doing in there? Why don't you come
eat in the cafeteria so we can all make
fun of you for being such a loser,
Shoes?"
Shoes Shoes got invited to a party.
Shoes never had a girlfriend.
Here's the thing about Shoes though.
Shoes
during this whole time is taking all his
money from his job at GameStop, all
right?
And he's putting it into Bitcoin in
2010, 2011, 2012. Now, boom, we get the
breakout. Shoes is now in his mid-30s,
all right?
He doesn't have a neckbeard anymore. He
learned how to shave.
All right? Now those girls that wouldn't
talk to him, they're saying, "Hey Shoes,
baby."
"You want to hang out?" Now of course
Shoes says no. "You had your chance in
high school, baby." But now he's getting
all the attention, even though he was an
introvert in high school. Now Shoes is
chilling at $82,500,
maybe even $83,000.
So there's also the potential of the
Shoes happening here.
All right? So we got a lot of we got a
lot of people going on. I mean, we got
First of all, we're we're we're we're
looking ambiguous.
All right? We got the Shoes under the
stall. There's a potential of a
breakout. There's potentially all the
hot girls from high school will be
hitting us up now on Facebook,
potentially.
All right? But
but
but but but but but there's always a big
smelly butt in the room.
All right?
Here's the thing.
Remember, we are at resistance.
All right? And remember
I mean, most investments don't work out
anyway.
Right? So here's the thing. We we are
coming up to a resistance, guys. And we
do have liquidity here. And if we look
at our oscillator, let's zoom into lower
time frames.
If we start to see, like I said
or like I showed, like I alluded to,
bearish divergences here. Where market
cipher B is making higher highs, but the
oscillator itself is making lower highs,
like this.
Now let's stretch them out here, the
gluteus stretchimus on the chart.
All right? Get get the that movement to
the downside, right?
That is not good. All right? If we can't
even change local market structure here,
that is not good. Now,
a few other caveats.
Like I said,
until we start to lose, I would say
this low,
we still have a chance of a bullish
bounce. Something else, we have a CME
gap to the downside. And it is a
holiday, but let's take a look here
at the CME. Where's that Where's that
indicator?
>> [music]
>> Here it is.
All right. CME gap on Bitcoin.
We do have a CME gap down here at 757.
All right?
So, we might chop around here for a
while before we get that move to the
upside. All right. I don't think today
is the day, honestly, where we go for
this high or that we try and fill that
gap. I think we're just going to chop
around until tomorrow or Wednesday, to
be honest with you.
So, these are the things that we need to
be aware of. We also have that CME gap
from last week up here
at uh around 79k. So, we do have a CME
gap up here. We have a CME gap down
here. We're in chop city. It's a
holiday.
So, it's it's kind of one of those
wait-and-see moments for me, at least,
where I'm
Yes, I'm in the long trade
because it's a valid long trade, but I
am not really sure which way it's going
to go here, guys. If I see bearish signs
as we come up to this area,
I will look to compound the short trade.
All right?
Which I have been in since the 10th of
May. We've been taking shorts in the
Caspar crew.
All right?
And so, I will see what happens. All
right?
But, I am
let's say maybe a little naively
optimistic here. And I'll tell you why.
I'll tell you why I'm naively optimistic
for a move to the upside.
Let's go back to our weekly.
And let's just
objectively look at this. Now, first of
all, it is almost June,
the time where, you know,
around the time where Bitcoin starts to
bottom out. We've broken this trend
line. All right, this is undeniable.
We've had a money flow from the purple
into the blue, which undeniably, guys,
if we go to the Bitcoin all-time index,
look at what happens on the weekly chart
when the money flow
switches from purple into blue. All
right, historically speaking, as soon as
we see that,
that means the the time to buy is over.
Now, it doesn't mean the time to buy is
over. It means that
the the bottom of the cycle is coming to
an end. And any dip we get is a massive
buy the dip opportunity.
Right? So, we got a double bottom back
here in 2020. Beautiful buy the dip
opportunity. Over here in 2020, I forget
what year it was,
but look at this, right?
Money flow
from the purple into the blue, and bam,
we're off to the races. Money flow
purple into the blue, bam, off to the
races. We had a buy opportunity over
here. Money flow purple into the blue,
bam, off to the races. So, here we are
once again, money flow purple into the
blue, guys.
All right, if we get a drop from here,
well,
that's a buy the dip opportunity. Now,
we are also not only seeing this bottom
signal, but
we are seeing the trend line being
broken, and for the first time since
October,
we are seeing the range being back
tested.
I mean, this is unprecedented, guys.
Look at the previous sideways ranges
here, right? [music] As soon as we take
the top,
I mean, we we lose it, and we we drop,
right? We have this range here. As soon
as we take the highs that we
established, we take the highs, and we
drop. Look at this. We took the highs
once,
we took the highs twice, we tried to
reject. We took the highs three times,
and now we're literally back testing
with some hidden bullish divergence.
All right, this So, one of these things
is not like the other.
All right.
One of these things is not like the
other. That's all I got to say.
Okay? So, there is something different
here.
And if we can hold above this, and
especially if we start to reclaim 78.3,
I'd say the highest probability is that
we make our way up to 83.3. That's the
macro golden pocket.
Not macro, but golden pocket from 98k to
the low.
Not on log scale.
All right? But that we front ran this in
the first place
means we're probably going to come right
through it.
And I would say the next major target we
have here
is going to be the macro value area low.
That's going to be around 86k,
potentially up to the POC at 96k. We
could absolutely see that.
All right? And then I would expect a
pullback for sure.
You know, if we're going to make it up
to 96k, look at the confluence we have
here.
Log scale macro fib 618.
Confluence at the POC, and I would
expect something like this.
Right? Something like this where either
we back test
around 85k, right? We've got we got this
major back test zone here. This is a
very possible thing. Before boom. Or we
get a bit of a deeper retracement there.
And we come and make a double bottom
coming back down to test the 60s. Now,
this is my preferred scenario here.
Honestly, this would be my preferred
scenario. It's a much healthier
scenario, much healthier test of this
base. This low does not look finished.
It does not look good.
All right? When you wick down and then
you make a higher low and then you make
a higher low and then you have this
squeezing ascending channel here with
tons of liquidity. That is not healthy.
All right? What would be healthy is a
big old move up to the golden pocket and
then a pullback of, you know, maybe 11%
but 30%, 25 to 30% pullback would be
very healthy. We would test the base and
say yes indeed, we do want this to be
support for Bitcoin. Indeed, we don't
want to come back down to these lows.
Right? That would be healthy. Now, what
else we would want to see here is the
confirmation of the monthly green dot on
market cipher.
All right, which we are not seeing yet,
but it's getting close. And we know
historically speaking, the green dots
on the market cipher B mark the low.
Right? They mark the low. They mark
that low. So, if we're getting the green
dot on market cipher B,
it's telling us that
that that pullback is the time to buy.
We had the green dot on market cipher B,
then we made a double bottom. All right,
green dot on market cipher B, we got the
double bottom.
Green dot on market cipher B, we didn't
get a double bottom, but we did come
back a little bit to back test this
support resistance flip
on the monthly chart, right? Monthly
level, monthly level. Come back, dip
right into it at 20k, bam!
Off to the races. All right, so again,
if we confirm the monthly green dot
here,
then my preferred scenario would be
honestly, something like this
where we do come back down and test
the high to mid-60s.
I would love that. I would honestly love
that.
Are we going to get that? Who the heck
knows, right? Who the heck knows. And
then they always ask me, "Jay,
they say Jay,
you know what? I I don't I don't have a
Hang on there. Let's see.
You know, it's been a long time since I
used this picture.
They say Jay, is the price going to pump
or dump? I say it depends.
We can't know for certain what the price
is going to do.
Well, the only thing we can do as
traders is be ready.
Be ready, we won't be liquidated. We
have long-lasting dryness Depends Fit
Flex Underwear maximum absorbency.
And we're confident, just like this man.
You don't make that face with your hand
on your hip like that unless you are
confident
that no matter what the price does, you
have a plan ready to go, right? You have
a plan.
You have a plan ready to go
so that when it happens, you're ready,
no matter what.
Right? That's what's most important
about trading here. We're not
predicting, we're planning.
And it all has to do with our adult
Depends diapers.
You know what I'm saying?
That's what it has to do.
Big shoutout to everybody in the chat.
Uh
Is there a reason why I don't trade on
Hyperliquid?
Yes, because I trade on Antarctic.
That's why.
Mhm.
Antarctic is my DEX. All right.
This is my decentralized exchange.
And I highly recommend you check it out.
If you do use my link, you get very low
fees.
Very low fees.
Can't get that on on on Hyperliquid.
All right.
Also, guys, I'm also trading on Ubit
with all these bonuses and KCS with all
these bonuses.
You guys, I have some exciting news.
We are going to this week giving away
our $250,000
or five $50,000 funded accounts
>> [music]
>> for client funding. All right, that is
happening this week. So, make sure to
sign up using my link if you want to be
eligible. Also, guys, Bit Funded
doesn't want to be left out. So, guess
what?
Bit Funded Crypto Prop from giving away
$250,000
50 accounts of $5,000.
In order to to be eligible, you don't
have to even buy an account. You just
have to sign up using my link and you're
automatically entered into the giveaway.
Link in the pinned comment for Bit
Funded giveaway.
Link in the pinned comment for the
Client Funding giveaway. For this one,
you do need to have purchased an account
in the past.
All right? But, this is a $50,000
account
that you're going to win. This is a
$5,000 account.
All right?
Now,
while I'm while I'm shilling things,
check out JasonCasperTrading.com to join
the community
where we get the trades
in the moment, telling people
what I'm doing, all right, as we're
doing it. All right?
Yeah. Yeah. Blah blah blah.
Blah blah blah. All that stuff.
Um but, I do trade on the decks Gold EXP
55. This is a decks here.
Um
so, is it going to be a buy in May and
walk away? Maybe.
Um
"This is simply a bear market rally."
says CBK Wahoo.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe, right.
John says 83 lol lol. Well, John,
because you said that,
we're going straight up to 83, bro.
When will you people learn?
When will the chat learn? When you scoff
at an idea and say the price can never
get there, that is exactly why and when
the price will go there.
I mean, do we have to talk about our
friend Felix
who said Bitcoin will never be below 70K
again?
He scoffed and laughed all day.
I said, "Felix, because of you, we're
definitely going under 70K." And because
of Felix, what do you know?
Bitcoin went below 70K.
All right. So, John rocks.
Thank you for pumping our bags, man.
Thank you for pumping our bags.
And then, we'll go to 75.
Right? Then, we'll go to 75. We're going
into the 60s, by the way.
Uh what is this? Some kind of religious
walking millionaire stream? He just
walks and makes millions religiously?
Is YouTube just videos these days?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's true, the real Don D.
The real Don D.
It is what it is.
Uh
what volume profile do I use in
TradingView? It's just called the fixed
range volume profile.
It's right over here.
The fixed range volume profile.
My row size is 200, my value area 70.
All right, so row size 200.
Value area 70. Make sure to change the
colors
to make it look sexier.
Um
hands can't get liquidated.
Shoutout to Daniel CA Prude
and Carlos Fortez.
Shoutout to Jose.
I think when the World Cup Roman show
arrives, we dump hard. I don't even know
what that is.
I'll be honest.
Can you do oil futures on Antarctic? Not
yet, but soon.
Not yet, but soon. Actually, let's see
what they got now.
Um
I know they have gold and silver.
They have gold and silver.
That's the only traditional market you
can trade right now. But yeah, soon
we're going to have it all, all right?
Look, this is a new exchange here, but
soon we're going to have it all, man.
All right. Shoutout to Big Huggies. I'm
long from the bottom. It's never going
to new all-time highs.
Ha.
I know. I know, right? I feel that way,
too.
A lot of times. Finally, the sun's
coming out a little bit.
Um
All right, so CBK Wahoo says, "Not sure
if anyone sees this on the macro chart.
Left shoulder
200 2018 cycle
Mardi Gras
head 2021 right shoulder 2025 the
measured move would take us to 15k."
Let's discuss that cuz you know what?
Let's just discuss that.
All right, let's let's let's take a look
at this. All right.
Let's take a look and let's let's let's
let's put on our bearish hats for a
second. Remember guys,
remember, I just want to make it clear,
all right?
I am a Bitcoin trader, all right? We
make money long and shorting. Doesn't
matter what the price does, all right?
Literally literally guys in this range
in the last 2 months,
all right? We have made
I mean, I've made six figures trading
Bitcoin in this little chop up and down
thing here.
Here's the thing. I am a trader. So, if
you're here,
you have to understand what I'm about to
say.
I'm saying as a trader,
not as a Bitcoin hodler, all right? So,
there's a big difference.
There's a big difference.
Okay?
Between being a trader and a hodler. We
need to entertain Again, as a trader,
we can't know what the price is going to
do. It depends. It could go up, it could
go down. We need to have a plan ready to
go for any scenario so that if
for example,
this happens, right? Just as a Let's
just say as example, this happens.
All right? If we were not ready, if we
are not prepared for this to happen,
then how in the heck
would we ever be able to make 20 grand
when that exact thing happens? You
wouldn't be able to. So, I want to make
this clear cuz people don't understand,
all right? People don't understand you
have to split your mentality
between being a guy who thinks Bitcoin's
going to a million, which it very well
may,
versus a trader. Okay? Now,
as a trader,
we have to recognize
that this bull market has looked very
different from any other bull market in
the past.
Extremely different. We have never seen
a bull market give us an ascending
channel like this.
The previous bull markets have all
looked like this, straight up.
This one, slow,
steady. Okay?
Secondly,
this one is very interesting in the
sense that
the new all-time high,
right?
Let's go ahead and just pull a line
here.
We are We are basically back testing
that previous all-time high.
Okay?
If this level is close We're closing
below consistently on the monthly,
there's no reason why
we can't say to ourselves, "This is our
sideways range."
Our support resistance flip at around
15k.
And this whole thing was a bearish
deviation outside of the range.
This whole thing is a bearish deviation.
And there's no reason why, if this was
on the 5-minute chart,
we wouldn't look for this liquidity to
be taken. All right? In fact, just
to make a little point here, if we flip
this upside down,
okay?
What would we all say about this?
What would we all say about this as the
weekly
money flow is getting higher like this?
What would we say about this?
We would say, "Well,
if we break the resistance,
the target is the top of the wedge."
Okay? Again, I am not saying this is
going to happen, guys.
I'm analyzing a chart.
All right? So, right now, everything
I've said is 100% factual.
We have something different on the
chart. We have a potential range.
We are forming upside down what looks to
be a bullish pattern
with lots of liquidity to be taken
with our target being at $15,000. Now,
my friend
is talking about this head and shoulder
pattern with a target of around 15K. And
so, the question is is this even
possible? Well,
in order for this to happen, we would
need to have catastrophic world events
happening.
We need to have major fear and panic in
a market leading to major capitulations.
Michael Saylor would have to be
liquidated and like it would be the
ultimate
bearish thing in the world for Bitcoin.
Now, if this does happen,
uh
this is probably the This is a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
We've had many,
right?
It was It was an amazing opportunity
down here, all right?
It was an amazing opportunity
down here and down here for the COVID
dump.
All right, this opportunity for me
literally made me millions of dollars,
okay? If I get to do it again,
I am taking that opportunity, all right?
So, uh
is this possible?
Like I said, if everything happens
perfectly, yeah. If there's some kind of
crazy war, some kind of crazy economic
thing, uh and we're seeing bearish
fundamentals, MicroStrategy [snorts] has
to sell because they're too in the red,
that's going to cause people to FOMO,
panic sell everything. We could see big
capitulation, you know, I'm not
capitulation. It happens quick, right?
I mean, look at this here, right? Look
at this capitulation over here.
You know, within just a a short period
of time, we're dropping 63%.
Right? Let's say we do make another low
here, Bitcoin's trading around 50K,
and then some crazy things happen,
right? 50K down to here, it's 65%.
All right, that's not We've seen that
happen before, right over here, COVID
dump.
You know, 65%. So,
it is possible it it
There a lot of money would have to leave
Bitcoin, like an insane amount of money
would have to leave Bitcoin. And the
question is
Well, it dep- it depends on your view,
right? You might even say people like
BlackRock
might actually want something like this
to happen, right?
Wreck all the retail
and then scoop it up cheap, right, for
their ETF.
And also,
there is one last scenario here,
is because of the ETFs
and because of the institutional
investing and all this,
are we now going to see Bitcoin
range
like a more traditional asset now,
instead of
the traditional
bull-bear cycle?
Right? We go back in time and we look at
these previous bull markets,
these are We had We did not see this at
that We did not see this,
right? 2020,
we we saw the same thing, you know,
straight up. This time, no.
Slow and steady, very different, all
right? Very, very different.
More controlled market cap.
Um
Yeah, so
it is a a a a
something that we should be aware of,
okay?
Again, I'm not here saying that's going
to happen. Please don't Please don't
misunderstand me,
but it is a scenario to be prepared for.
And if it does happen, we can say there
is a valid technical reason as to why it
happened,
right? There is a valid technical reason
as to why it happened.
All right?
All right.
Chicken is drilling for water, yeah.
Expect nothing, be ready for everything.
That's exactly what we should do, ways
of the Jedi, for sure.
Yeah, CBK Wahoo says never say never.
That's how we get rich together.
Never say never, we get rich together.
With the Clarity Act, how could it go
back to 15K?
I say quit worrying about Clarity Acts
and stuff like that. Don't don't worry
about that stuff.
Um
Yeah, the egg code for today
is day.
All right, day.
Egg code
is day.
You know.
Shout out to Bitcoin Harpist.
I've really been looking at the TradFi
takeover with paper Bitcoin. Yeah.
Yep, there you go.
Exactly, Plain Sailor.
If the act gets signed, do we trust all
the insiders and all these institutions
to not create for themselves better
entry?
Yeah. [music] Is it bullish for Bitcoin?
Sure.
Sure. But, guess what else is bullish
for Bitcoin?
This.
The $15,000 Bitcoin is objectively
speaking
super bullish. I mean, honestly.
Now, would I like to see my portfolio go
down, you know, seven figures?
And and losing that much of my net
worth?
No.
Would I be scared to buy here? Yes. Will
I buy here? Yes.
I say that with conviction.
Cuz I'll tell you guys, it was scary as
heck to buy here.
I'll never forget. I will never forget
that night in the kitchen,
the kitchen counter,
with my wife as we're
throwing our hard-earned fiat currency
into Bitcoin in free fall mode.
FTX had gone down.
I just got home
from my parents' house.
That day I did a live stream from my
mom's closet. Some of you guys probably
remember that day.
I made insane amounts of money, shorted
Bitcoin, longed Bitcoin.
It was fun.
Then we went home. We decided we
decided, "Look,
if we go for this and it doesn't work
out, we won't be mad. We won't be mad.
We'll recover. We'll be all right.
But this is an opportunity that does not
happen very often.
All right?
So, if we get that again,
I mean, it
That's In my opinion, it's an easy
4-500%
on Bitcoin
on spot.
4-500% on spot.
>> [laughter]
>> The Clarity Act will lead to the next
huge financial crisis. Yeah, maybe.
Splash by Films, do you remember that
stream, man? That was such an epic
stream.
I'll never forget that day. I felt like
such a cram. A cram.
That's the word we use in the Casper
house.
Uh that comes from the movie Borat.
All right? Felt like a cram.
Leaving my my family out in in in the
living room at my parents' house.
I was doing a live stream from the
closet, but I I said, "Look, I have to
do a live stream now because I cannot
pay attention to the family now. I'm so
sorry. I know I'm a cram.
But uh
I'm either going to sit here on the
couch buried deep in the charts.
Might as well just do a live stream.
Um
Yeah, maybe maybe it will lead to the
next financial crisis.
The Clarity Act. Something Something
crazy is going to happen.
All right? Something crazy is going to
happen here.
All right. All right.
Hang on, guys.
It's time to go pee in the bushes, all
right? You guys know what time it is.
I have I've been drinking a lot of
water, all right? I've been sweating a
lot.
Sweating a lot and drinking a lot of
water.
I hope the stream works.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Ooh, man.
Shout out to everybody in the chat.
It's time that Jay comes out of the
closet.
You left my community cuz they started
asking you for money?
Okay, [music] well, those were scammers,
lol.
So,
if you didn't know that, you should
probably stay out of all Discords,
>> [music]
>> but I appreciate that you still follow
me on YouTube.
Appreciate you still follow me on
YouTube.
Yeah, maybe the aliens bullish on parade
will be the next big thing.
There's nothing like getting financial
advice from a jack naked dude on the
internet streaming out of his mom's
closet.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
The AI bubble.
Yeah, the stream inception we're
streaming on stream.
Shout out to Crypto Crank. Guys, if
you're not subscribed to Crypto Crank,
>> [music]
>> go subscribe, all right? If you like
fast action, high leverage, high
risk I mean, look, it's all percentage
based, but if you want some [music]
some some good content, some sensational
and yet responsible scalping content,
check out Crypto Crank, all right? This
dude is one of my
Honestly, he's one of my favorite crypto
guys out there because he's putting on
the big size and it's just fun to watch.
It's just fun to watch this dude trade,
all right?
So, check him out on YouTube, Crypto
Crank.
All right.
Shout out to R Pink. He says, "Two
streams at once."
Am I really peeing? Yeah, I'm really
peeing, man.
You know, Mike join my community so you
can lead scammers to Jesus.
That's cool, man. Scammers need Jesus.
We all need him.
Um
Yeah, let's see what's going to happen
here. Is Bitcoin going to dump? You
know, are we going to get back all the
gains?
You know, maybe we come back down to the
Fibonacci golden pocket.
Right around here. We do have a naked
point of control around this zone, too.
So, let's see what happens. This purple
box, the purple box of hope. Woah.
I almost entered into [laughter] a
You guys see how
almost entered a trade there. That would
be crazy.
Man, this weighted vest, though. I'm
telling you, this is
It is It is difficult to be have the
45-lb vest on
doing this stream, you know.
Get a a heavy workout yesterday, a heavy
heavy leg workout the day before. I got
to give a big shout. He's not here, but
Anthony Lee Crypto, I tried his calves
his calf routine, and I have to say,
my calves right now, I got some calf
domes. So, maybe my calves will finally
start to grow.
All right.
But
Will there be any discounts for the
premium? I mean, it's discounted right
now.
It's $2 a day, bro.
For the amount of stuff we have in
there.
I think it's a discount right now.
Big shout out to Agent Drink. He says,
"If Bitcoin goes 15K, alts go to zero."
Yeah. Yeah, I mean, we've kind of
already seen alts
dip below their bear market lows. So,
yeah, they very well may.
Uh they very well may. That might be
part of the big scare.
But Bitcoin is not an altcoin, all
right? Bitcoin is not an altcoin.
There's only one BTC, baby.
There's only one BTC, you know?
What was this calf routine? Okay, it was
he said do three super sets
super set drop sets
of
calf raises toes straight
toes out, toes in. All right, I didn't
do all that volume, by the way. I did
one drop set super set of each.
That's what I think I'm going to start
with there.
Um
but yeah, honestly
it did really burn the calves.
Um
it was hard. It was hard. And I did it.
I was doing super sets, so
I was doing Bulgarian split squats, my
absolute favorite
leg exercise in the world, the Smith
machine Bulgarian split squat.
Super set [music]
Romanian deadlift
super set with this calf super set. So,
it was like a giant set.
And let me tell you that
that workout was intense, man.
But I I enjoyed it, not not quicker.
Shout out to preparing for war.
God bless you, bro.
I just did only standing calf raises for
it, not not quicker.
But I'm sure the more variety you can
get the better, right?
So, holistic wealth says it wouldn't
surprise me
to see open AI collapse.
If not that one, maybe another AI
related company massive bubble.
Yeah, I wonder how that would affect
Bitcoin. I mean, AI and crypto is very
much so
kind of related, you know what I'm
saying?
Oh, Anthony Lee Crypto
he says now double that. Give me some
time, Anthony Lee.
Good to see you here, man. Give me some
time, bro. Look, I got to start
with that Why why go all out right now?
If I can't uh
Let me let me let me let me provide the
new stimulus and then once I adapt to
this then I'll I'll add a little bit
more.
Hang on one second. I'm actually I'm
going to take off this weighted vest.
Cuz it's just
getting to be too much.
It's getting to be too much.
But I will double it Anthony Lee Crypto.
Don't worry. I won't let you down, bro.
Anthony Lee Crypto is the most jacked
YouTube trader
that I know of actually.
Uh yeah, he's the most jacked YouTube
trader that I know of.
Am I on a low-carb diet? No, I'm on an
extremely extremely extremely high-carb
diet. All right.
I'm I'm I'm pushing some days close to
800 carbs. I know that's crazy.
All right. I'm on a very high-carb diet.
I'm on a high-calorie diet. That's the
thing. So.
But I like I like 50% carbs.
50% carbs.
20% protein and fat.
Uh 25% protein and fat.
Feels like a pump incoming. Let's see.
Let's see.
You didn't receive the 500 from Blofin?
Uh let me see actually like
what the deal is here. [music]
Uh I'll reach out to them now.
Uh yeah, open up a ticket. That was so
long ago. That was so long ago.
Yo, Trader Geo in the house. What's
going on, bro?
Good to see you here, man.
Good to see you here.
Brendan Garcia says, "Bro, to switch the
financial system is going to have to get
really bad." I know. I know. This this
great reset
things are going to have to get really
crazy. So. Steak sauce says, "Feels like
a pump coming. I hope so.
Um
You can smell the sweat all the way over
here.
Probably. Yeah, I'm sweaty. I'm this and
and what's worse is I haven't washed
this Blowfin hoodie in like 2 weeks.
I haven't washed this Blowfin hoodie in
like 2 weeks, man. It's disgusting.
I'm a disgusting guy. That's the thing.
Uh shout out to Crypto Incognito.
If we see a huge crash like that, we
definitely see one more huge wick to
stop all the shorts.
Maybe.
Shout out to Boondock Saint.
So, let's see what happens here. Maybe
we do get a little bit of a pump. You
know, if we pump up above 78, maybe we
fill that CME gap. Maybe
maybe we could get
you know, a short in here or at least
add to a short.
You know, I tried to get those off, but
I don't have the right tools.
I'll try again
in a little bit using some
unconventional methods.
Sorry, guys. Talk to text.
>> [music]
>> Talk to text.
Trader Joe hopes we moon.
Well, Trader Joe,
I hope that
I make money. So,
I I I'm I'm very
um
I don't know what's going to happen.
You know, I don't know what's going to
happen. I don't have a a a um
What's the word?
A bias?
I don't have a bias right now. I could I
could equally see it going either way.
Things look very trans non-carbon to me.
But if we do pump, I'm hoping to hold
this trade
>> [music]
>> to like 83.
Daniel, I don't think I would ever go to
Argentina for a crypto talk. I'm sorry,
man.
Shout out to Boom Doc Saint. He says,
"Shout out to Jason Casper, the fittest
guy in YouTube."
Definitely Anthony Lee Crypto is the
fittest guy in crypto YouTube trading in
trading crypto YouTube. All right.
Crypto crank hopes we stay in this range
forever.
Snake bear says, "91.3, please." That
would be epic.
That would be epic, you know.
Yeah, I'm not much of a traveler, you
know.
Did I short this local high? No, trader
Joe, I did not. I'm waiting for a little
bit higher.
I am waiting for
us to come and take out
Honestly, 78.5
to 78.6 zone.
Anything over 78.2, that's where I get
interested. I want to take some some
liquidity and also
hit into the view up that we have from
the high of the range.
So, for me right now that view up is
coming in at
78.7.
And we have that liquidity at 78.5.
And that support resistance flip around
there. Plus, it's a
it's also a
around a golden pocket zone.
So,
yeah, I have not shorted this. We also
have a naked daily point of control.
Uh yeah, I guess we hit that naked daily
point of control and that's why we're
getting this rejection, huh?
I know you guys can't see my chart, but
I want a little bit higher to short,
Trader Joe, cuz I still am in a short
from 78 five-ish.
So, I'm looking to compound that short
if we get a little bit of a push up
here.
That's what I'm looking for, man.
What time does the futures market close
today? For for Bitcoin or for
traditional market? I think it's like
4:00 or 5:00, right?
I think so.
Last 24 hours was so chop shop, says I
as Dazani.
Uh, yeah, I mean, it's been pretty
choppy here.
Let's take a look at order flow.
Yeah, you know what I don't like is how
many longs have opened up here
because
when you have a lot of longs opening up
like this,
let's see.
Leaving behind these higher lows is
[music] just a super easy
once we start losing the trend line,
it'll be real easy to come all the way
down here.
We got a lot of longs that opened up
here.
Yeah, I and and and then I I think
this would be the this would be the
place
upon New York open that I would say if
we're going to make a higher low, we do
it from here. That's going to be around
75 6.
You're looking at long bolts on parade.
Looking at a long on TON.
Let's check out TON.
Wow.
It is pumping.
Are we looking for a support resistance
flip of this?
Wow, look at that thing. It's pumping.
Or maybe a back test of this.
Back test of this right now would be
nice, huh?
Or something like this for a long.
Man, this thing is getting a pump right
now. Look at that.
In the just the past 3 hours or so, 15%.
How come Bitcoin can't do that, huh?
You think the 15K idea is is
uh pretty logical, although considering
the Clarity Act Sarah, I don't see big
I don't think the Clarity Act is going
to affect the Bitcoin price as much as
people want uh agent drink.
You know, I don't I really don't think
the Clarity Act is going to affect the
price that much.
Um
I don't think there's a lot of people
waiting to put money into Bitcoin
because of the Clarity Act, you know.
Um
But yeah, it it it it like I said, it
would have to be something very intense
to happen to push Bitcoin down there.
So, we're talking
aliens,
uh insane wars, like attacks on US soil.
Um
we're talking like
you know, um some kind of AI bubble
collapse.
We're talking MicroStrategy having to
sell Bitcoin
to keep the lights on, kind of stuff.
773 is kind of a support resistance
flip, though.
Uh yeah, kind of.
Kind of is.
Yeah, kind [music] of is.
50% carbs do I get next to the 2% milk?
Ah.
Didn't That's a good one, Dave Digital.
I was sitting there trying Yeah, 50%
carbs is right next to the 2% milk. Mhm.
Yeah, that's that's a trick.
You know, you can eat a high carb diet
as long as you're eating 50% carbs, not
100% carbs.
You know, it's basically half the carb.
You know?
What do I think about the bearish div
forming here on Bitcoin?
Um I think it looks bearish, man.
What else can I say? It looks bearish.
It looks like we do want to take the
liquidity from here, you know? If I
wasn't holding this as more of a swing
long idea, I would definitely be taking
some profits right now.
You know?
I would definitely be taking some
profits right now.
Aw.
Maybe Trump says something stupid and
the markets go crazy.
No. No. The markets are immune to stupid
Trump things. I mean, Trump could
literally say, "I'm going to [__]
end Iran civilization tomorrow at 10:00
a.m."
and no one cares. All right? The markets
don't
don't care. Trump can say whatever he
wants.
It's the the law of diminishing returns.
All right?
It's the law of diminishing returns.
Maybe at first, but now
it's too late. Even all the war stuff,
the
no war rumor right now is going to move
the market anymore.
All right? It it's
The effect has worn off. All right?
The only thing that can move it now is
something that actually happens.
Sadly, it would have to happen now on
like Western soil because
again, the world is immune to anything
happening right now, any any wrong.
You know?
Um
Tell Tell one says, "I feel like I got
skinny on a high protein low carb diet."
I mean, honestly, carbs, that's the the
to go.
That's the way to go.
Trump made Jason say the F word. No,
that's what Trump said. That's what
Trump said.
That's what Trump said. I mean,
literally the president could get on his
his Truth Social and and and and cuss
and say
um
"I'm going to end a civilization at
Tuesday at 10:00 a.m." and like
no one cares. It's a very strange world
we live in.
You know?
Um
Yeah, that's the thing. Like, there's no
there's
It's like being on drugs. You need to
you need a stronger you need a stronger
high now like that
you know? If this was back in the day
if this was back in the day
I mean, can you imagine like
if a different president who wasn't
Trump, you know, back when presidents
had to act professional and stuff, at
least put on a show.
If like Bill Clinton said that
or if like Bush Jr. said that
it would be like that would that would
be crazy.
But nowadays, you know
Michael Jason says, "Don't fear the
carbohydrate."
Yeah, I I don't know how I feel about
carbohydrates cuz here's the thing. You
go on the internet and everyone says
carbs are bad. Carbs are bad. Carbs lead
to insulin resistance. Carbs are bad.
Carbs are bad.
You know?
Low carb is the way to go.
And you know what?
I think it depends on the person.
But for me, I love carbs.
I love carbs. I have low fasting
insulin, low fasting glucose, low
triglycerides, high HDL.
An excellent uh
ratio of of HDL to HDL.
Um
I feel good.
I have lots of energy. I'm lean.
I feel like carbs are all right for me.
If I'm If I wake up one day and I'm I'm
I'm fat and I can't lose it
and I feel sluggish and tired
and I'm weak and I'm losing muscle
and my A1C is high
my fasting insulin's high, my glucose is
high
and my triglycerides are high, then I've
say, "You know what? This high-carb
thing ain't working for me."
But until that happens
I just feel like carbs are the elixir of
life.
I mean, God created man man, right? He
put him in the garden. He commanded him
to eat fruit.
Said, "From the fruit of all the trees
you shall eat."
So
you know
I'm going to I'm going to go with that,
you know.
Now, keep in mind, guys, when I eat high
carbs and I eat 6 700 g of carbs some
days, I am not eating
I am not eating processed carbs. I'm not
eating refined carbohydrates. I am not
eating processed sugar.
I'm eating potatoes and sweet potatoes
and fruits.
I'm eating quinoa.
Um
I'm eating plain air-popped popcorn with
extra virgin olive oil organic sprayed
on that stuff.
You know I'm eating zucchinis and
butternut squashes.
That's the high-carb diet I eat, all
right?
So
maybe some rice.
Maybe.
Uh some buckwheat here and there.
Maybe some oatmeal here and there. Some
steel-cut sprouted steel-cut oats.
That's another thing. If I'm going to
eat a grain,
I'm going to sprout it first or soak it.
So.
Do I eat fruit and how do I feel about
people who say to stay away?
Yeah, I eat tons of fruit and honestly
what I say I mean God created humans and
he commanded them to eat fruit. So, you
know, what can I say about that?
I mean
I know some people teach not to eat
fruit. I
I I think it I think it's it depends on
a lot of different factors, okay?
If you live a sedentary lifestyle
and you don't move your body and you
don't have a lot of muscle mass
uh then probably eating a diet that's
high in fructose
is probably not the best thing for you.
Now, here's another thing.
Your average American is eating a diet
that's 60% at least
refined processed foods, which include
refined carbohydrates,
>> [music]
>> which are lack nutrients and cause
inflammation.
They have refined seed oils, which cause
inflammation and oxidation
and they screw up your body. So, if
you're eating 60% processed foods and
then maybe you're throwing in bananas
and apples and oranges and grapes and
all this stuff
maybe then that's just too much for your
body to handle.
But I feel like 90% of people who have
issues with blood sugar and stuff
not all, but most, if they just cut out
all the crap
like if you if if you're reading a
package of food and you're reading an
ingredient that you don't know what it
is or you couldn't buy it from the
supermarket like silicon dioxide or like
xanthan gum
or like rapeseed oil, partially
hydrogenated soybean oil. If you can't
buy that at the store, don't eat that
packaged food.
Right? If people just didn't eat that
crap,
and instead they switched to all fruits.
Imagine if you switch from potato chips
to bananas, I'm pretty sure you'd be
healthy on the dang bananas.
But, what do I know? Cuz I'm not a
doctor. Also, I live a I live a very
extreme life.
Okay? I live an extreme life.
All right?
We got to give a major shout
to our super chat in the house.
He says, "Brother, can you help me
become a profitable trader? I've tried
for years and I'm struggling. I'm
praying to God someday I will be able to
quit my 9-5. I'm so tired of this life."
Yeah, I can help. All right?
I can help. Here's what you got to do.
Go to youtube.com.
All right? I'll post it in the chat
here.
Go to youtube.com. Go to the Jason
Casper YouTube channel.
I have a free trading course.
All right? I have a free trading course.
Want to become a consistent profit
All right? A free trading course.
This is what you need, my man.
All right? I'm going to post it in the
chat for you.
All right? Now, here's something else
I would recommend,
in all seriousness,
if you want to quit the 9-5,
that you start some kind of online
business
along with your trading journey. And
here's why. It's very, very difficult to
become a profitable trader when you are
trying so hard and focusing so much on
the money-making aspect of it.
It's very difficult.
It's so difficult.
You need to somehow
need to separate
the process of trading from the
money-making, which is very difficult to
do.
If you're trying to like quit your 9-5,
so if you can start some kind of a
business,
have some kind of cash flow, some kind
of income source that's separate from
your trading, then you can focus more on
trading. Because if this trade
is now the difference between paying the
bills and not,
you are not going to make good
decisions. But if this trade doesn't
matter because you have another source
of income, then you can actually focus
on the process, not be scared to take a
loss, and let the plan play out, and not
take profit too early, and not play the
stop loss game hoping it eventually
comes back, and then you blow your
account.
You know what I'm saying?
Um
It should be illegal to rape seeds. I
know, right?
I know.
You got to shop kosher? No, you can't
even shop kosher. Honestly.
Kosher food
is just as disgusting as unkosher food.
All right?
Yeah, kosher's a joke, honestly.
It's a joke, honestly.
>> [music]
>> In my opinion, all right?
Um
You I mean it's it's full of all the
same crap, all the same chemicals as
normal food. It just
according to rabbinic law is considered
edible.
Yeah, you have to separate yourself
emotionally from trading.
Rapeseed oil's banned in Spain. The egg
code is day, d a y. d a y. Can I explain
the butt cheek theory to new guy who
joined the stream?
Oh, man. Yeah, so the butt cheek theory
is this. All right.
All right, when the price is making a
lower low
like this
and the momentum is making a higher low
like this.
All right, way back in the day
we would say it looks like a set of
uneven butt cheeks.
All right.
This isn't the best example here, but
that's a bullish divergence, all right?
So, hang on. Let me put on the right
screen here.
Let's pop onto the right screen.
All right, so the price is making a
lower low.
The oscillator is making a higher low.
That's the uneven butt cheek pattern.
All right, you got your big fat left
cheek
and your skinny right cheek. All right,
the price
you can see here coming down to key
support.
The waitress at the diner comes out.
Uneven glutes. Tip money is in that tiny
little right cheek. Boom, you can see
the price getting a rise up.
That's the uneven butt cheek pattern.
Then you have your upside down uneven
butt cheek pattern, which is basically
the bearish divergence.
As the price
is making higher highs
like this and the oscillator is making
the lower high.
That's the upside down uneven butt cheek
bearish divergence. All right, it's just
divergence. It's nothing special.
Just divergence. It's nothing special.
All right, but it's a good way to
remember.
You know.
It's a good way to remember.
Organic foods, good sleep, workouts.
Yes,
absolutely 100%. Um
uh 100%.
Yeah, I mean that's that's really what
it is, honestly. I mean
and I'm not a doctor. And here's the
thing, our lives are
are in God's hands. 100% our lives are
in God's hands.
Like the Lord is sovereign over
everything. So, when it's your time,
it's your time.
But
assuming that you're not going to die
tomorrow, God God
And assuming that no freak accidents
happen, you know, anything can happen.
Like anyone can get sick, right? There's
a lot of reasons for it, but in general,
if you want to be healthy, you want to
feel good,
you want to look good,
it's not overcomplicated. Just eat
food as God created it,
right? Single ingredient,
unprocessed, unrefined foods,
exercise your body, which includes
if you have a desk job, if you have a
job that's not being a farmer or being a
builder or a construction worker where
you're
moving your muscles and using them
regularly, then you have to lift
weights, whether you're a male or a
female.
You have to lift heavy weights. You have
to challenge your muscle. It creates new
mitochondria in your muscles.
Muscle is an organ. It It's linked to
longevity.
It does wonders for your brain, for your
body. It prevents many different
diseases. It It prevents metabolic
syndrome. It prevents types of cancers
to have muscle.
It It puts more mitochondria within your
cells to give you energy,
right?
And then you you have to sleep. You have
to take care of your body. You can't be
up all night on screens.
You can't say, "Well, I'll sleep when
I'm dead."
Sleep is a drug that that heals you.
It gives you energy. It makes you more
productive.
Um makes you smarter.
It prevents injuries. It prevents
illnesses. It boosts your immunity. It's
like there's this You just got to take
care of your body, right? You got to put
the right fuel. You got to take care of
it. Don't abuse it.
You can't be abusing stimulants like
caffeine and all this.
Um
and if you do that,
you're you're going to be pretty dang
healthy, all right? You're going to feel
good. You're going to look good.
You're going to have energy.
All right? That's That's That's how God
intended humans to live. You know, we
live in a weird modern civilization and
so we have to like fake stuff. Like, why
do I have to go into a room and lift
heavy things for no reason? You know,
that's not very natural.
You know, it should be I'm lifting heavy
things because I'm working
to build my house and take care of all
the stuff I got to take care of and you
know,
a physical labor. That's the way
historically like everything had to be
done. There were no cars.
Why do I have to walk on a treadmill?
It's because if I wasn't I'd be sitting
at a desk.
You know, but back in the day no cars
you got to walk. You got to do this, you
got to do that.
So, you got to live the way God intended
and same with the food, you know, 200
years ago.
No no processed refined carbohydrates.
No high fructose corn syrup, you know,
no xanthan gum and no seed oils and no
antibiotics in the meat and in the and
in the dairy.
And no glyphosate on the vegetables,
like,
you know?
There was fermented grain no there was
no yeast.
Quick yeast that you could make bread
with a whole bunch of preservatives in.
No, you had to get the the starter
and and let that thing ferment.
It was good for your gut.
You know?
No hybridized wheat you got to you got
to eat and live
like it's 200 years ago, honestly.
But what do I know?
You know, I'm just an idiot on the
treadmill.
Here we go, baby. We're starting to
pump. Let's see.
Let's see. Can we can we can we pump up
above 78.2?
You want to chase the pump so bad.
I hate that feeling. I know I know I
know how you feel.
NAD+? Yeah, I hear I hear a lot of
people taking NAD+
um
Crypto crank just closed the long.
All right. Well,
that's not a good sign for my long.
um
The 30-minute bear divs.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, we might dump from here. Let's see
what happens.
How many hours a day am I lifting
weights on average would I say? Uh well,
right now I'm doing 4 days a week.
So, probably
4 hours a week.
Probably takes me about an hour to get
through a workout.
You know.
But honestly, I'll be honest. I prefer
See, I love lifting weights so much
Trader Joe.
I love it so much. I have felt the best,
performed the best
uh in my life when I have worked lifted
weights less
than that. So, 2 days a week.
I remember
most of the most of the strength and
size gains I made my life were lifting
weights 2 days a week.
Sunday and Wednesday.
And um
the workouts took about an hour and a
half to complete. So, that's about 3
hours a week.
And then 3-day week workouts
also about 3 hours a week.
I feel like
is the best.
But because I like lifting weights so
much for the mental benefits of it, I
like to work out more than 3 days of 2 3
days a week. So, now I'm doing the 4
days a week.
I feel like 4 days a week
if you're not
on drugs
is pretty much
the most you can do
before you start running into under
recovery issues.
And 4 days a week, it's easy to under
recover.
For me at least, because if you go too
hard one day,
you got to you got to have self-control
not to go all out. That's the thing. I
like to go out with stuff.
It's easy to to under recover
on a four-day a week thing.
That's just me.
Like
you know,
I'm a weirdo.
Like everything I do is ultra extreme.
So like
it's very difficult for me to like work
out and not like beat myself into the
ground.
It's difficult.
Um
Full body deadlift and squats on the
same day. Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Squat, bench, dead. Yes. Start with
squats, move to the bench press, and
then to the deadlift.
And then um
then do arms
and calves calves after and maybe maybe
instead of abs.
But yeah, some kind of push
pull uh push you you got to do a push, a
pull, a squat, and a hinge. That's how
your workout is basically those four
exercises. And then um you got to add in
some kind of arm work,
calf work, and and ab work.
But yeah, the the full body workouts,
the four main exercises
I use I like to do two sets of each.
And um
yeah, that's kind of how I like to do
it.
Do I have any plans for the summer?
Um my plans for the summer are to
spend a lot of time with my family.
That's what I'm really hoping to do this
summer.
We got a baby on the way, so
we only have a few months of
our current uh
current family of five before we're a of
six.
Unless we're having twins, in which case
we'll be a family of seven.
A hinge?
Yeah, man, a hinge. Like a deadlift, a
Romanian deadlift, a good morning.
Um
or a butt thrust,
you know?
Uh that I would consider all those a
hinge. So, like, you know, I'm always
You would change up the exercise. Like,
maybe you do a squat as your first
exercise, barbell back squat, maybe do a
front squat, maybe do a safety bar
squat. Maybe do a Zercher squat, maybe
do a Bulgarian split squat, maybe do a
leg press, right? One of those.
Then for the hinge, maybe you do a good
morning, maybe you do a Romanian
deadlift, maybe you do a conventional
deadlift, maybe do a trap bar deadlift.
Maybe you do a hip thrust.
That's the second exercise. Then for the
push, either do an overhead press, a
bench press, an incline press, incline
double press, maybe a dip.
For the pull, you know, either do a It
depends on what hinge you're doing,
right? So, if you're doing a deadlift,
that's going to work a lot of your upper
back and traps,
as well as your lower back. So, then you
would do like a pull-up or a chin-up or
a pull-down or maybe a horizontal
barbell row,
T-bar rows, you know?
So.
The hinge, that's going to work your
posterior chain, the real deal. Like, a
hinge will work your butt, your lower
back, your upper back, your traps, your
hamstrings, your your calves,
technically. I mean, probably doesn't
work my calves. Nothing works my calves.
Geez.
>> [laughter]
>> Hex bar deadlifts and Romanians for the
win, yeah.
Yeah, I'm not much on a um
I'm not much of a conventional deadlift
guy anymore. I used to really be, you
know?
Because when you when you, you know, it
it it is fun to deadlift like, you know,
especially when you're doing it with
your friends.
But for me now at my age, I am not I'm a
tall guy
and it's really difficult for me to get
into the conventional
deadlift stance
uh without putting strain on my lower
back
um
unnecessarily.
But uh
so, you know, sumo deadlifts more so are
better for my body type or the trap bar
deadlift, but I do conventional
deadlifts though, but I I never go
higher than 405
on a conventional deadlift. There was a
time I was trying to get a 600-lb
conventional deadlift. I got up to 585.
Uh this is a few years ago and I
decided, you know what? I am I am
playing with fire right now. Why in the
world,
as a guy in his mid-30s with a wife and
multiple kids
and a successful business, why what am I
trying to prove right now?
What
to myself? I'm not even It's not even
like I'm competing or any I'm just
trying to do it for my own Why am I
doing this? Why am I risking
getting getting a serious spinal injury
trying to push that weight?
So, at that point I kind of changed up
the way I worked out a little bit to
just kind of
less focused on the weight, you know?
Um
So, the real Dondy says, "You'll notice
my picture is Ronnie Coleman, but it's
not really me." I was a little confused
about that, bro. Honestly, I was a
little confused.
Kettlebell swings are excellent uh
crypto for Columbus, honestly.
They are excellent.
Yeah, they are excellent.
Oh, shout out to Larry Garcia having a
baby in September.
That's awesome.
I used to do both days deadlifts and
squats had to remove one deadlift day.
Yeah. Yeah, it will make you exhausted
brocktoe. Um
If you're doing it so if you're going to
do the twice a week workouts
you're really going to have to
not go all out. One day is going to have
to be high weight low rep. The next day
high rep low weight but you have so many
recovery days.
But yeah, if you're trying to squat and
deadlift regularly
working out more than twice a week
you're going to run into some issues
like um
If I tried to squat and deadlift every
week working out four times a week I
would quickly burn myself out. Right? So
I only squat deadlift maybe once a month
right now.
The rest is
Bulgarian split squats, leg presses,
belt squats, Romanian deadlifts, hip
thrusts
um good mornings
you know, that kind of stuff.
Um
cuz it doesn't put as much load on the
spine.
I actually prefer as much as I love to
squat cuz I love to squat.
There's something about getting under a
heavy barbell
the the the fear. It is a scary thing.
Cuz you know, if it goes wrong, it could
hurt a lot.
And you know, it's going to take every
ounce of mental and physical focus and
energy you have
to do this properly.
So there is something I like about that
but
um I really enjoy
focusing on the muscle like if I'm if
I'm doing a Smith machine
uh Bulgarian split squat for example
I do not have to worry
as much about bracing my core
um
I don't have to worry about tipping
forward or tipping back. I don't have to
worry about you know the the angle of my
torso because everything's locked into
that machine, right? All I have to focus
on is using my quads and glutes as hard
as I can on one leg to move that weight,
right? I can focus on the stretch. I can
fail at any time and not get injured.
Um same with the Romanian deadlift,
right?
>> [music]
>> Uh or hip thrust. And honestly,
I feel like after you build a firm
foundation of of the squat and the
deadlift, you're going to get more
benefits from doing
more isolation work because
you've already built a base of strength
and stability. Now you can focus on
actually using that muscle. But
again, what the heck do I know?
You know? What the heck do I know?
No money, no honey?
Do I have any other businesses? Not
anymore.
I don't have any businesses anymore. I
used to have an online marketing
business.
Um
but I had to stop doing that.
I'm no I was CEO.
I'm no longer CEO of that business since
2022.
And um
yeah, no.
Not anymore.
Not anymore. [music]
That core brace gets you locked in?
Yeah, for sure.
Y'all don't know about the squat and RDL
superset? Four sets in those legs and
heart will be
Yeah, squat RDL superset is is legit.
It is legit.
What was the setup for the long?
Yeah, the setup for the long was this.
Right here, actually.
This was the setup for the long.
This one here.
And then just in general, like you know,
I was uh since the 18th, I've been
longing and adding to longs as long as
we don't
lose uh 74k, right?
So,
invalidation for my swing long is
uh, losing 74K. So, that's
the deal with the long
that I'm in right now.
>> [singing]
>> What do ex-colleagues think about my
plunger routine? Well, I don't know.
Like, I you know, I was the owner of
of my old business. So, everyone kind of
knows
what the deal is here. Uh,
you know, the last real job I had was
2013.
I worked at Starbucks making lattes.
Uh,
I don't think anyone from there knows
what I do. I quit that job to start my
marketing business.
I quit that job to start my my my online
marketing business. And you know,
I hated that job at Starbucks because
they they corporate sucked all the fun
out of it, right?
I worked in a mall
and the lines would get really long,
especially around the the holiday
season, right? And
I would love to go out and talk to
people
in the lines
and just entertain people, have
conversations with them. And not only
that, I would sell them on stuff, too.
I would sell them on, you know, I would
sell them French presses and all this
and
But anyway, the the the corporate didn't
want me doing that anymore. They're
like, "No, it's you can't go out and
talk to people like that." So, like,
"All right, well,
it's like they take all the dang fun out
of the job, right? And then corporate
puts a lot of pressure on the manager,
the manager puts a lot of pressure on
the employees.
It sucks all the dang fun out of it. So,
one day
and during this time I was trying to
start my business, trying to start it.
Right? This is back in 2012, 2013.
And one day
I had to open
Starbucks at a mall. You know, you got
to get there super early.
And uh, my alarm went off and I just
told my boss, "I'm not coming in."
She says, "Does this mean you quit?" I'm
like, "Yeah."
She's like, "That's not very mature."
I'm like, "I'm sorry. I
I know." And then from that point on, I
just went full out into the business,
you know?
Mikey's been on a severe losing streak.
Happy Memorial Day.
It's good to take some time off, bro,
you know?
My manager at Starbucks was smoking pot
in his car in the parking lot.
That's cool, man. I mean I mean
sounds more fun than mine,
you know?
Yeah.
You know, there was a lot of pressure. I
I don't know why. It's really strange. I
don't know why people take things so
seriously in life.
That's just my personality. I could
never take myself or anything very
seriously. I just never could.
I remember in high school, all of a
sudden junior year, all of a sudden
everybody got real serious
about like college and
I'm like,
"Guys, we're we're juniors in high
school. Like as long as we get a D,
you know, I mean
you can graduate. I mean sheesh. And
then honestly, even if
unless unless you really have a goal and
you're like, "I want to go to this
school and get this degree to have this
job." But let's be honest, 99% of kids
don't have that. They're kind of forced
into making some decision.
And then they change majors and then
they're in debt and this and that. Like
if you get a D in high school, you just
show up,
do a little bit of the work, then you
graduate. If you graduate,
you can go to a community college.
It's very easy.
And if you try hard in community
college, then you can get a dang
scholarship and go to a good college
if you know what you want to do. Like
why why Why everyone take it so
seriously?
But whatever, you know.
Same as like working a dang job, like
if people are more light-hearted about
stuff, there'll be so much less stress.
There'll be so much less stress.
People stressing out about stupid crap.
You know?
But whatever, that's just my
personality, right? I was always the
class clown. I was always the guy trying
to make make light of whatever situation
we were in. So,
you know?
That's how I handle things.
I look for the humor
in whatever situation.
Um how would is enough capital to start
trading?
Um
I don't know, you know, it depends on I
always say it depends on what you need,
like how much money do you need to make
in a month and what's your style of
trading? If you're Crypto Crank type
trader,
you know, you could have very little
capital.
And if you're scalping like that, you're
racking up your gains, you know, you're
making 20 bucks a trade.
You're taking like
10 trades a day, you're making $200 a
day.
You know?
It's a couple thousand dollars a month.
But um
you know?
Do you you know? But if you need more
money
to live, it depends on on what your
needs are and what kind of trader you
are.
If you trade like me, I'd say the sweet
spot is like
150 to 250,000, you know? You're more
selective on your trades, you're kind of
letting them run, you're hedging.
You know?
But here's the thing.
Here's another thing, too. You have to
know yourself as a trader.
You might not be Crypto Crank. I'm not
Crypto Crank.
I can't trade like Crypto Gringo.
He can inspire me and influence me, for
sure, but I'm not him, so
you know, you might look at a trader who
might be able to do it with X amount,
and you might not.
And you have to be okay with that, too.
You just have to know You just have to
know yourself.
You know what I'm saying?
>> [snorts]
>> So,
yeah, minimum to trade is actually 10
bucks, but if you want to live off
trading, I mean,
it's a different story.
How did I fund the start of my trading
journey? Well,
I got into crypto in 2016. I got into
crypto when it was 600 bucks. I bought
Bitcoin. I put my whole dang life
savings into Bitcoin in the summer 2016,
all right?
So, I made a lot of money really quick
in Bitcoin.
And so, I had a lot of money to lose
when I started trading.
>> [music]
>> You know?
Um
that's how I funded it.
The bulls look strong here.
Yeah, let's see what happens. Like, if
we can start changing market structure
here,
you know?
Then we could see this
move up, but let's see what happens if
we come back down to our purple box of
hope and wonder.
Our purple box of hope and wonder.
Does S&P look like it's topping? Let's
check it out.
Let's check it out.
The S&P.
Any idea when we might see Bitcoin under
70? I don't know.
It depends. I've never been more
uncertain
than I than I am now. Just kidding. I've
been more I've been this uncertain
before, but I'm very uncertain right now
with what's going to happen. I could I
could convince myself of a bullish or
bearish
case, seriously. All right.
So,
I'm just I'm doing what I do.
I've taken the trades as they present
themselves. I've locked in a profit.
And now it's a wait-and-see game, right?
It's a wait-and-see game.
I mean, definitely have bear divs on the
S&P on the weekly.
And the monthly.
And the daily.
I mean, look at that. I mean, it really
does This really does look like a
topping pattern here. The fact that we
had this
and now we're doing this, it it really
could be that.
All right.
Um
or it could be could be this,
you know,
something like this,
where we see that same kind of pattern,
but the money flow is really coming out
here.
Um yeah, it could be. Like, I don't
know. I'm not I am not trying to predict
or short anything about S&P 500.
You know.
Not on the macro, maybe locally.
Locally for sure, but definitely not
macro.
That's way above my pay grade. Guys,
quick reminder that Bit Funded is giving
away $250,000.
If you sign up,
register using my link,
you are automatically entered into the
giveaway.
All right.
So, check it out. Link in the pinned
comment. Also, Client Funding is giving
away five $50,000 accounts. In order to
win this, you have to have a previous
account using my link.
Uh
Bit Funded, you just have to sign up.
They're giving away $55,000 accounts.
Like, 50 individual accounts funded with
$5,000. Klein is giving away five
$50,000 accounts. So five accounts each
funded with 50k. All right.
>> [snorts]
>> So if you're interested in that, make
sure to sign up. Also,
Antarctic super low fees, Ubit super low
fees plus welcome bonus, Ksex extremely
low fees, welcome bonus,
um as well as the Casp Crew VIP Discord
at JasonCasperTrading.com.
Sometimes I open a $1 leverage play on
50x on a random coin. Yeah, that sounds
fun.
Yeah, but eventually something's going
to happen. Like eventually the S&P 500
going to tank.
All right.
Last time we had a major tank was what?
COVID?
I mean, I guess April was pretty
intense, huh?
Yeah, April was pretty intense.
Of 2025, I mean.
Man, look at this thing though.
What could go wrong? I mean, what could
honestly, what could go wrong?
You know, what could go wrong?
You know? Up only, baby. Ain't no
baloney. Up only.
Ain't no baloney.
How do you enter the Klein giveaway? You
have to use the link in the description,
all right, and buy one of these
accounts, all right. So you're going to
have to
spend some money to be entered in, all
right. And of course I have a 15%
discount
on these.
But yeah, so
Klein, you're going to have to spend
money.
Or in the past, if you had an account
using my link, you are eligible for the
giveaway. Bit funded, you simply just
have to register using the link. You
don't have to have had purchased an
account in the past.
That's the big difference. Is a big
difference.
Is there a big difference? Is is that
Oui oui.
Monsieur, is there a big difference?
Yes, if you bought one already, then
you're in too.
Yeah, everything is bought. Everything
is bought. It's like that meme. Exactly.
Exactly.
Do I have any tips? You're 15 and you've
been training for 5 months. Well, first
of all,
I have to say
that you, my friend, are in a better
position
than 99.9%
of
humans who have lived
or currently living as far as your
ability to be financially free goes.
Okay, you're 15 years old. Most people
are either
your age,
they are spending their time on stupid
things that are not going to benefit
them at all in life.
They're putting their energy into video
games, sports,
or just trying to graduate high school,
which is the most worthless thing you
could possibly do. All you need to do is
show up and get a D
to get that stupid diploma, which you
don't need for anything in life anyway,
cuz I don't have one and I've never
needed one. But,
what I would do
is I would really
study
and practice and learn.
Study, practice, and learn. All right,
I've been doing this since 2018.
All right, so that is
8 years.
And this is the point I am now. I'm 35.
Okay.
So,
I've been doing this since I was around
28.
You are 15 years old. All right, so
>> [music]
>> in 8 years, man, you're going to be 23.
You're going to be a young adult in his
20s with 8 years of experience under
your belt.
When you're 25, you'll have a decade of
experience
doing this. That is amazing.
Um, you will have a skill that can is
scalable
and something that is sustainable.
But, here's what you really need to do,
man.
You need to
don't worry right now as a young kid
about trying to get rich.
Focus on learning how to do this with a
small account
and scale it up
over time.
All right, don't be in any rush. Don't
be in any rush.
Build the right habits. Build the right
neural pathways
of not gambling, not
uh, overtrading. Build the right neural
pathways, the muscle memory of doing
this right.
Um,
that way when you are 25,
you are going to be like unstoppable,
man.
Like, seriously.
Um, so learn as much as you can, trade
small money, trade demo accounts, learn
to love the process.
Get experience in the market. There
there is something that learning cannot
give you and that's experience.
Being here in the market day in and day
out, knowing how the price moves,
learning what assets you like to trade.
Maybe you're not a crypto trader. Maybe
you you're a futures trader. Maybe
you're a stock trader.
I like to trade Bitcoin. Me I know I
know Bitcoin.
You know, analysis works for any asset,
but me and Bitcoin we're
I have a thing with Bitcoin.
All right?
So, you're going to figure out your your
niche. You're going to figure out your
trading style. You're going to figure
out what assets you like to trade.
And then when you're 25
and your friends are just graduating
college
and they're in debt and they're trying
to get a career,
you're totally free, man.
You have the skills.
You know, maybe from now until you're
20th, you're working a job or whatever
while you're learning how to trade,
you're saving up money.
All right, then you have like a
something to work with. maybe you go the
prop firm route, right?
What What's most important is that
you're building up the skills and the
habits
to uh to do this, right? And then, the
thing is, once you have the skills and
the habits to do it, there's endless
opportunity for you.
You know, with something like a prop
firm where someone's going to give you a
$50,000 account.
Uh
you know,
um
that you that you could buy
for cheaper and you know how to trade. I
mean, you don't even have to have the
capital in order to start doing this.
You could get the capital with your
skills, with like a prop firm, and then
you could start funding yourself.
But man, I I envy you. I envy you in
your position. Like I always think to
myself,
if I could go back in time to being a
15-year-old,
I I would
Yeah, man, I would love I would love to
be in your position, man.
So, you're ahead of the game. You're
ahead of the game
right now.
You know, if if you're totally new,
check out the free course that I have
here on YouTube. It's totally free.
Check it out, right?
And um
Yeah, check this thing out here.
Watch through these these sessions. So,
give you like an amazing foundation.
And then also, I have um
See here. I also have this
day trading full guide. I haven't
finished it yet, but th- this has a lot
of cool stuff in it, too. I've got
uh
I think eight or nine videos here. Check
this stuff out, too. It's a great place
to get started,
you know?
Shout out to Alex O. Make sure to go
subscribe to Alex O, guys. One of the
real ones out there.
Yeah, you're taking it slow on prop
firms. That's what's up, man. Here's the
thing, too. Like Isaiah I I like
the internet is full of people flashing
the the day trader lifestyle,
flashing the the money,
um especially like YouTubers out there
that are like trying to trying to make
it on prop firms and this and that.
Uh
just do your best not to get swept away
with the
with desiring
certain things. Like desiring certain
lifestyle or desiring certain amount of
money. That is going to derail you from
your actual goal. All right?
I know it's cool to be young and rich.
The And the concept is awesome. But
number one,
a lot of YouTubers out there probably
aren't [music] as rich as they say.
And number two,
easy come, easy go is a real principle
when it comes to money.
If you are chasing the money,
you are going to
eventually pay for that, man.
If you are chasing the habits and the
skills, [music]
that is going to pay you. All right?
Either you pay or you get paid. Slow and
steady wins the race, bro. Like
seriously.
Um
So, that's you know, that's all I can
say, man.
But God bless you.
Don't follow the flash. The real wealth
is in a life relationship with God and
having time with your family. Yes, amen
to that, bro.
Amen to that. Yeah, the glitz and the
glamour, all that stuff. Don't chase
that, man.
All right? Look at me. I'm I'm here in
my mom's garage, all right?
It's actually my garage. But the thing
is I'm free.
I'm free.
I don't need the glitz and the glam.
And neither do you.
All right? Don't fall into that trap.
I'm not saying it's wrong to have glitz
and glam. I'm saying don't chase that
stuff. Don't chase the money. Don't
chase the numbers. don't chase the
lifestyle cuz
you're in chasing that, you're going to
lose everything, all right?
Chase the boring, the mundane,
the daily grind of coming to the chart,
making your plan, using your risk
management, boring stuff.
All right?
And if you do that, then later you'll be
in a position where you maybe you could
get some glitz and glam. You know what
I'm saying? Maybe maybe you could have a
penthouse in Miami and and all that.
Maybe you could.
But don't chase that.
Right? Let that be the byproduct of the
boring hard work.
All right?
But
Greed is one of the most powerful tools
to wreck to wreck city, yes.
I guess that's a much more eloquent way
of saying what I've been trying to say.
The original K V Hops, yes. Don't let
the greed derail you.
Cuz there is that I mean, especially
with trading, there's that temptation,
especially if you feel like you know
what you're doing.
And that that'll wreck you, yeah. Mhm.
The money will always run faster, says
trader Geo.
Do I ever do lymphatic massage to my
face? I don't. Do you think I need to?
I'm a little wrinkly. Look at that. I'm
old, man. Getting wrinkles, crow's feet,
and all that stuff.
All right?
No, but I'm not against it. Sounds cool.
Lymphatic massage, that sounds cool.
You want to blow fin chain? Yeah, don't
I know I know. Don't chase Jason Casper
with his pure gold blow fin chain here.
I know it's turning green, but those are
actually real emeralds.
This pure gold chain has got some real
emeralds built right in there.
Um
>> Yeah, psychology is the most important
part of the job and that is really hard
to beat. Like the psychology
wrecks this all. Like honestly.
If you If you're If you're been trading
for a long time,
your big losses are always down to the
psychology.
Always.
You know?
Go play with your friends and teach them
how to trade says mama mama mama leebad.
And he says, "I will."
Yeah, trading's cool. Trading's cool.
I'm I'm I'm so happy to be able to teach
my kids how to trade. You know, my
daughter's seven. She's an entrepreneur.
She makes stuff and sells stuff already,
right?
And uh I'm teaching her how to trade.
So.
That'll be cool. If If trading's still
allowed when she's older. It's It's
strange. I always wonder like I wonder
if she'll even have a driver's license.
Like will self-driving cars like
be a thing? Like right now, you buy a
new car.
We got a new car.
Um our family's growing, right? And
>> [music]
>> you can't even buy a car without like
all this crazy stuff.
Like a Like a a a a nice family-sized
SUV, it's got like the stuff it
automatically keeps you in the lane.
You don't even have to use the mirrors.
It has like cameras all over and
um
it's like basically a self-driving car,
but you still kind of have to be there.
Put that thing on cruise control down
the highway, it'll keep you in the lane.
It'll beep. It'll stop for you if it
thinks you're going to crash. Like It's
like, "What the heck?" Man, this thing
is crazy.
The scalp The short scalp is playing
out.
Oh, life is but a dream. I like that,
Sudeep. That's cool.
Oh, your dad, Tre and he got you into
it. That's what's up, man.
Yeah, the lane adjusting is super
dangerous because here's the thing, like
what if like there's construction on the
road, you know what I'm saying? And so
like the lanes are going this way,
right?
But you have to go this way
in order to get around the the traffic
work that they have set up.
So it's like you're trying to go this
way, the car's trying to push you into
the dang
road workers.
You know, it's not That's not cool.
Man, it's it's sunny out. It's the sun's
out. Praise God.
Praise God. You know what?
The sun's out. I got to get out.
I got to get out in the sun.
Ooh.
Feels good.
Now, I've got to take off the shirt.
Hang on.
Got to get this sun.
All right.
Here we go. [music]
Got the tank top fully loaded.
Got to get my Ubit hat back on. I don't
want people to see my hair. It's so
embarrassing.
Look at that embarrassing hair.
There we go.
What do I think about electric cars?
I'll be honest with you.
Uh
I I think they're cool. I mean, I don't
have anything wrong with an electric
car. I know it's like a lot of people
are against them
cuz they feel like it's like a new world
order agenda to get everybody off the uh
off the fossil fuel. Whatever. I I don't
care. I mean, look, I'm 100% off grid
right now. I'm I'm on I'm on my own
solar energy here.
You know?
>> [music]
>> Totally off grid over here.
So.
You know?
I'm down.
John Rock says God has zero to do with
your trading. That's not true.
G- God is intimately involved in all of
our lives, whether we know it or not, my
friend.
Um
What?
There's so much that's out of our
control, John Rock. There's so many
things that uh we rely on God for. Don't
be conceited. Don't be arrogant.
Um
A haughty heart goes before the fall, my
friend.
Nice. You Grow Grow is off-grid, solar
on septic, and use propane. Only water
come from the city. That's what's up.
Yeah, I'm I'm on propane. I'm on solar.
I'm on uh a well.
And um
that's how I like to do it, man.
You know? That's how I like to do it out
here in the beautiful I mean, it is
beautiful out here, guys.
It is beautiful
out here in my driveway.
It's just the beautiful mountains in the
back. That's it.
It is beautiful out here.
We need to address so for when the food
runs out. Look, start growing your own
potatoes, guys. You know, potatoes.
Can't go wrong with potatoes. You cannot
go wrong with potato off.
Chickens, potatoes, squash.
That's all you really need, honestly.
How many kids do I have and how many
does Big Butts want? How many do we both
want?
We've got
>> [music]
>> We got three and a half right now.
I don't know. However many God wants to
give us is how many we'll have. I I I
did not try to have this this baby, to
be honest with you.
So, the Lord must have really wanted it
cuz I I was trying to be careful,
you know? But I guess I wasn't careful
Guess I wasn't careful enough there.
You know?
Gas is free if you have food scraps.
Try off-grid at 9,000 ft.
Um
I should set up a mirror behind me,
Memory Man. That way you guys don't have
to look at the garage.
This garage is so dirty. Look at that
thing.
Big shout out to Memory Man.
Man, these have been some of the most
boring streams though lately, haven't
they? The last few weeks. This Bitcoin
price action is so dang boring. It is so
boring.
You know, shout out to real to true for
the super chat. Can you check BSB? Short
time or no? Yeah, let's check it out.
BSB
Is it short time? Well,
uh
we are back testing this, right?
So, we had a big money flow
uh
I mean, the money flow is crossing on
the 1-hour. Is it time to short? I I
don't know. It's It's difficult for me
to
It does look very bearish on the daily.
The 4-hour definitely has some room for
the downside. Uh I would say like the
short
If I was going to be taking a short
here,
it would have to be something like this.
Getting in here and, you know, obviously
a safe stop loss is a 56% stop loss,
but, you know, the local stop loss here
11% and then shooting back down to the
lows that we made here. It's not even
the best risk to reward.
Let's go back to our 4-hour.
Yeah, I mean,
it's not the best risk to reward.
And then
definitely a horrible risk to reward if
we put the stop above the high. So, I
don't know.
It's not a short I would take because
the the downside is not worth it. You
could easily like scalp Bitcoin for this
kind of risk to reward.
Um
um
Yeah, and my the target here is going to
be the support resistance flip
at around 48 cents.
So, yeah, I could definitely see it
coming down
The problem is right now getting a good
setup. Right now, locally,
it's like I I I I don't like the setup
at all because we could easily get a
higher back test, fill the single print
that we made here. Like, do we have
liquidity building above the upside? You
know, short now could easily just do
something like this before the drop,
stop you out. And it's like, "Well,
where do you put your stop loss?" Like,
by the time we're filling the single
prints, you're already at a 41% move to
the upside.
It's really tough. But, thank you for
the super chats. It's a really hard
uh trade to get into right now.
Right?
If the If the high is in,
then we are looking at a risk to reward
of
about a three to one.
Which again, you're risking 10 bucks to
make 30, you're risking 100 bucks to
make 300. Is that really worth it? I
don't know. It's up to you.
You know?
Oh, crap. You guys didn't see a thing I
just showed.
You guys didn't see a thing I just
showed. Here's what I'm showing.
Here's what I'm showing.
I'm showing this, all right? This would
be my setup here.
It's not the best risk reward.
We're shooting for the support
resistance flip coming back down here
from May 2020
uh
2026. I mean, this is yeah, just from
May.
So, yeah, it would be something like
this.
Again, like, if we're going to put the
stop above the high, that becomes not
worth it at all. If we keep the stop
here, it's it's
it's risky.
Um [music]
you know, we could confirm bullish
divergences here.
So, it's a tough It's a really tough
trade to get into.
Um
It's a tough trade to get into, real to
true.
Thank you so much for the super chat.
I'm sorry, bro.
Any reason you're shorting now cuz we
got 12 minute?
Uh
Tanmay
Tanmay Garwal
Tanmay Garwal, any reason I'm shorting
now? I'm not shorting now. I'm in I'm in
still in the short from a long time ago.
Um
on Bitcoin.
Uh there is a valid reason to short
right now, though. We do have bearish
divs and we are at a resistance
like in general.
We're at the naked daily point of
control here, you know.
Um we got some bear divs. So, yeah. Man,
this sun is nice, guys.
Ooh, man.
It's been raining so much. I need that
sunshine.
Man, that feels good. Praise God.
Thank you, Jesus.
Man, I'm so thankful right now for the
sunshine. You guys don't even know.
Ooh, that feels good. Man, it's been
raining non-stop.
Man, that feels good.
Three Memorial Days ago, we got a rad
pump. I remember cuz my wife and I went
hiking and didn't have service and when
we got back
to town, all my longs were up like 200%
but I was almost stopped out.
That's a cool memory.
Yeah, Bitcoin always moves whenever
you're on a date with your wife in
general. That's just like a
that's just like a
a rule of thumb, I suppose, cuz you
know, whenever I have like a date
planned with my wife, Bitcoin decides to
move.
You know, I'll never forget February
6th. Me and my wife had a date. My
in-laws were over.
We had the whole day to ourselves, but
Bitcoin was dumping down below
uh 60K
and I just couldn't get off the dang
chart. It was It was a really tough
tough time.
You know?
Felix says the heat in the UK is giving
you a migraine. Is that true? The heat's
giving you a migraine?
Heat does not give me a migraine.
I need the sunshine. I need the heat.
I'm Cuban, all right?
I am one
one Cuban man.
What was my reason for longing Bitcoin?
Well, I've been planning to long Bitcoin
from here for quite some time, my
friend. So,
you know, I have been planning for this
exact scenario to happen.
You know,
um
So, yeah.
You know,
I was planning for this
since
the 18th of May.
Uh well, this is the 20th of May, but
since the 18th of May.
All right, since the 18th of May.
Um I've been longing and and saying I'm
going to add the longs as long as we
don't lose 64K.
So,
that is why I'm long on Bitcoin right
now, okay?
Planned for it. A dip below 74,800
and a reclaim.
And so, that is exactly what I've done
did. I said as long as we're not losing
74K, my swing long plan is valid. And
that's exactly what we did. We dipped
below
uh
74.8
and we get the reclaim.
And we are off to the races,
baby.
Um
>> [snorts]
>> UK heat no joke.
I've never been to the UK.
Crypto crank wants to know when my
stream Why are you trying to stream,
bro?
Are you trying to stream? You want me to
get off of here?
I don't know, Crypto crank. I'll be
honest. I I had had I have no plan today
as far as streaming goes.
I'm just
chilling out.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, I'm just chilling out, man.
You took profit too early on the long,
Felix. No, you I don't think you did the
wrong thing, to be honest. I mean,
here's the thing, like the only reason I
didn't take profits on this long is
because I'm short, so
you know.
Again, I'm I'm willing to take the risk.
I mean, the last trade I had here was a
six a $60,000 win, right?
So,
I hit this $60,000
position. I got stopped out
at uh
74 820, basically. That's crazy. So, 74
stopped out.
That can't be right. The the
I I Something happens with these trade
histories where cuz it says I'm still in
it. I'm not still in this trade.
I don't know. But, anyway,
it's like I just made almost 60 K. If I
lose another few Ks,
who cares? Plus, I'm short, so that was
my whole deal with not taking profit
here. Plus, it's a potential swing.
Um
You have no AC?
Uh
you know, AC, having no AC, it
definitely builds character, for sure.
Like, there was a big period of time
where me and my wife had no AC.
When we lived in the city, we didn't use
AC in our apartment. Our landlord
thought we were crazy. Man, that sun's
so feels so good. Praise God.
Woo.
But, it definitely builds character.
If If you can If you can get along with
your wife and not get divorced
with no AC in the summer when it's like
90°, 95°
Fahrenheit, you know, that you're you're
in a good marriage. Let me tell you.
Um
Do I do [__] squats?
Uh yeah, I I I do [__] squat. I don't
really like them that much. They're hard
for me to load and um
they're good exercises though.
They're hard for me to like consistently
overload, so I don't do them. But if I'm
like ever like on the road and I want to
work out my legs
with no equipment, I do [__] squats,
body weight,
and um
I'll do like body weight lunges and
stuff. How
the F did I figure out that long?
Look, bro, I mean, what do you mean? I I
just drew a picture of it, you know?
That's how you do Just draw a picture.
And then price will do what you want,
right?
Or you can just join the Casper Crew VIP
Discord.
Um
No, here's how I got the long. It was a
major zone support. It's a major high
time frame value area high, and we had
liquidity right there at 748. Like we
had really nice liquidity there. So,
you know, it's one of those places where
it's a high probability for a bounce,
you know?
High probability for a bounce.
That's how.
Your wife just beats the S H I D out of
you if you speak this much.
LOL.
What kind of wildlife do we have around
the farm? I don't know.
I changed to long.
Yeah, I was short last week and a and a
and a um in a $500,000 short. I'm still
in the I'm still in the short, um but I
have taken profits when we came down to
that support. So, I've locked in 15
grand on the
on the short.
My entry is still at 78.4.
And I might compound the short cuz it's
at a support resistance flip here. I'll
have to wait and see kind of what
happens here.
But, yep. I have entered into the long.
Man, this sunshine feels so good, guys.
I'm going to take off the tank top. Hang
on.
Ooh, man. This sun feels good. This is
This is really what I've needed.
It's what I've needed this whole time,
guys.
Praise God. Man, thank you, God. Thank
you, Jesus for this
this sunshine. It's been raining, guys,
non-stop. I'm telling you.
How much did I invest to make that 60k?
Well, apparently millions, man. But,
here's the thing. Like, you have to
understand
It looks like it says millions.
It says five uh it says
Whoa.
Looks like I just got logged out of
here.
Wait, hang on. Log in. Log out expired.
That's this one.
Uh this one here. This is the long
trade.
Okay, so it looks like 3 million. Okay?
But, really at I only had 1.3 million
the most in there at the time. And if
you guys were here for this trade, you
know I was long from 68k and I kept
adding to it. I kept adding to it and
taking profits, adding to it. So, total
all in all, I had about
3 million in total in that trade all
together. However, however, I never had
more than 1 million in at the time.
And how much did I actually risk on the
initial position was very, very little.
All right? Very, very little. I was
risking probably about $5.5 thousand,
give or take, on the initial trade.
So, all in all, this is more than a 10:1
risk-reward ratio said and done
with the initial risk of $5,000.
Yeah.
Um,
yeah, we got we got a clear sky coming.
I mean, you still got some chemtrails
out there. They chemtrail the crap out
of this thing.
You know? They chemtrail the crap out of
this thing. That's why we've had so much
rain.
Looks like my computer can't take the
sunshine.
You know?
Looks like my computer can't take the
sunshine.
We might have to end the stream.
Yeah. We might have to end it here.
Up here, if
Let's see.
We got some lag, yeah.
All right.
All right, we'll have to end it then.
All right, God bless you guys. Have a
great day and I'll see you later. Peace.